Update e2e counter docs [Docs] (#19719)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/app-examples/e2e-counter.mdx

## What the guide teaches

- **Shared objects:** The guide teaches you how to use [shared objects](../../../concepts/object-ownership/shared.mdx), in this case to create globally accessible `Counter` objects.

> - **Programmable Transaction Blocks (PTBs):** You learn how to use PTBs to interact with your Move module from your frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Programmable transaction blocks (PTBs):** You learn how to use PTBs to interact with your Move module from your frontend.
```

The first step is to set up the client app. Run the following command to scaffold a new app.

<Tabs groupId="packagemanager">
  <TabItem label="PNPM" value="pnpm">
    ```bash
    pnpm create @mysten/dapp --template react-client-dapp
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="Yarn" value="yarn">
    ```bash
    yarn create @mysten/dapp --template react-client-dapp
    ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Install new dependencies

> This app will use the `react-spinners` package for icons. Install it by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app uses the `react-spinners` package for icons. Install it by running the following command:
```

  <summary>
    Create `src/CreateCounter.tsx` and add the following code:
  </summary>
  ```tsx
    import { Button, Container } from "@radix-ui/themes";
    import { useState } from "react";
    import ClipLoader from "react-spinners/ClipLoader";

    export function CreateCounter({
      onCreated,
    }: {
      onCreated: (id: string) => void;
    }) {
      const [waitingForTxn, setWaitingForTxn] = useState(false);

      function create() {
        // TODO
      }

      return (
        <Container>
          <Button
            size="3"
            onClick={() => {
              create();
            }}
            disabled={waitingForTxn}
          >
            {waitingForTxn ? <ClipLoader size={20} /> : "Create Counter"}
          </Button>
        </Container>
      );
    }
  ```
</details>

This component renders a button that enables the user to create a counter. Now, update your `create` function so that it calls the `create` function from your Move module.

<details>
  <summary>
    Update the `create` function in the `src/CreateCounter.tsx` file:
  </summary>
  {@inject: sdk/create-dapp/templates/react-e2e-counter/src/CreateCounter.tsx noComments}
</details>

> The `create` function now creates a new Sui `Transaction` and calls the `create` function from your Move module. The Programmable Transaction Block (PTB) is then signed and executed via the `useSignAndExecuteTransaction` hook. The `onCreated` callback is called with the new counter's ID when the transaction is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `create` function now creates a new Sui `Transaction` and calls the `create` function from your Move module. The PTB is then signed and executed via the `useSignAndExecuteTransaction` hook. The `onCreated` callback is called with the new counter's ID when the transaction is successful.
```
After you define an acro (PTB here), always use the acro from then on in the same doc.

### Set up routing

Now that your users can create counters, you need a way to route to them. Routing in a React app can be complex, but this example keeps it basic. 

> <details>

Reviewer: Not suggesting we do this here/now but one of the things I did for a different guide is to create a page of partial code like this in its own file in the project, then used {@inject: file noTitle}. We can discuss the benefits/drawbacks next week.

      });

      return (
        <>
          <Flex
            position="sticky"
            px="4"
            py="2"
            justify="between"
            style={{
              borderBottom: "1px solid var(--gray-a2)",
            }}
          >
            <Box>
              <Heading>dApp Starter Template</Heading>
            </Box>

            <Box>
              <ConnectButton />
            </Box>
          </Flex>
          <Container>
            <Container
              mt="5"
              pt="2"
              px="4"
              style={{ background: "var(--gray-a2)", minHeight: 500 }}
            >
              {currentAccount ? (
                counterId ? (
                  null
                ) : (
                  <CreateCounter
                    onCreated={(id) => {
                      window.location.hash = id;
                      setCounter(id);
                    }}
                  />
                )
              ) : (
                <Heading>Please connect your wallet</Heading>
              )}
            </Container>
          </Container>
        </>
      );
    }

    export default App;
  ```
</details>

> This sets up your app to read the hash from the URL, and get the counter's ID if the hash is a valid object ID. Then, it either renders a `Counter` (which you define in the next step) if you have a counter ID, or the `CreateCounter` button from the previous step. When a counter is created, you update the URL, and set the counter ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sets up your app to read the hash from the URL, and get the counter's ID if the hash is a valid object ID. Then, if you have a counter ID, it renders a `Counter` (which you define in the next step). If you don't have a counter ID, then it renders the `CreateCounter` button from the previous step. When a counter is created, you update the URL, and set the counter ID.
```
Probably a better way to state this but I think breaking up the two options into separate sentences is more readable.

> Currently, the `Counter` component doesn't exist, so the app will just display an empty page if you navigate to a counter ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the `Counter` component doesn't exist, so the app displays an empty page if you navigate to a counter ID.
```
